hey guys what's going on King here bring
in another episode of epic raids super
pumped to be doing this today I have to
1.2 million raids this isn't saying guys
I hope you enjoy it got some music for
you to today let me know what you think
about the music and raids in the
comments below I'm also going to be
announcing a few new series as you can
see I'm actually having my guys my clan
say hi to youtube and they want to say
hello if you ever want to stop by we're
looking for permanent members so if
you're a permanent level 90 member come
join if you're definitely ready to
donate and be super active we're an
active clan we're going to be putting
for a top 200 next few weeks here so
hopefully we get that let's start
searching for some raids here and I'm
actually gonna go ahead pull up a ray
that is 1.2 million as you can see watch
how he wrecks this base this is insane
guys now as I said I'm gonna be starting
a couple of years series first of all
I'm gonna do epic fails which are just
basically raids that I or somebody else
have gotten to like forty nine percent
of that just died with like one Archer
killing a town hall or something and I'm
also be doing epic wins that are based
on trophy you count not just resources
so basically you get 30 or 40 or 50 or
whatever number trophies you can get
i'll be posting those to which i
actually just got them the other day
which is sick i can't wait to share with
you guys but in this raid you can see
he's using hobbs and he is just going to
town even against those infernos since
they are a single targets not having
much of a problem with them and yeah
just super excited to be doing all this
and i love the support I've seen from
you guys we're already at twenty-five
hundred subscribers so that's insane
guys keep up the work keep commenting
keep subscribing and keep liking it
definitely helps a lot let's get a 3000
subscribers this week and then let's get
to 5000 by the end of the month
hopefully and up from there let's go and
as you can see he is just walking
through the space his hogs are already
past the halfway mark so as soon as they
get rid of these expos i really doubt
there's anything else that was basic i
really do anything to her fogs he's had
two there's two wizard towers but I
would worry that king should be able
distract one of them or take it out and
the Hogs you gonna take care of the rest
so just watch him destroy the rest of us
and get all this loot
crazy guys now I want to let you know
these songs I really pull it playing
will you be based on my band Boylan
disaster which I actually have a manager
for or else be non copyrighted music so
let's get it started guys
you
I hope you guys enjoyed that too epic
1.2 million raids that is crazy here's
another one shown 1.2 million he does
want to get a million of this but let's
watch how he does it's obviously a lot
of its and the collectors but he's using
bartsch this is a crazy crazy win here
gotta love it and yeah just really
enjoying getting these awesome rates
from buddies of mine a lot of these guys
are friends who joined the YouTube
all-stars and they help out so much with
everything I really do appreciate their
efforts both in helping my clan and
being loyal to me and also helping on
YouTube all stars etc and yeah just a
couple other things I want to go over
guys I was wondering what you guys want
to see next I'm actually looking into
making a few new series as I've been
telling you and one is max tea I want to
get a boat out who wants to see my base
get maxed out number two who is looking
for a series where I do one of each
troop let's say it's a max level six
minions and I do all of them I try and
get some epic wins with them who would
like to see that and also like all max
becca's all you know max dragons etc
like just really cool rates by myself
that have all those if you want to see a
series like that let me know and I'll
start doing it also if you want to see
how to use max level troops in
compositions like go wife and go wee-wee
I know a lot of people requested that
don't worry i am just farming right now
that's why i haven't been using those
but you will see a lot of those things a
lot of those troop compositions being
used by myself in some epic rates coming
up soon I don't know what our clan push
you're gonna be I'm thinking in a week
and a half to two weeks i'll push with
my clan we're going for the top 200 to
be kind of crazy we are I'm really
confident we can get there and as you
can see Sebastian got 3,600 dark and 1.4
1.05 million now definitely don't forget
guys I love comments I will respond to
my as possible obviously I definitely
enjoyed having you guys this episode
thanks so much and stay tuned for the
next epic raids episode talk to you guys
soon peace